
             Friends Episode 2 Season 1:The one with the sonogram at the end.
Monica: What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.
Joey: Yeah, right!...Serious?
Phoebe: Oh, yeah!
Rachel: Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Monica: Absolutely.
Chandler: Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, you know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Ross: Yeah, and and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's just that that...that's not why we bought the ticket.
Chandler: You see the problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again,
Chandler: Y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic...basically just trying to stay awake.
Rachel: Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
Joey: Are we still talking about the sex?
Ross: No, it's good, it is good, it's just that mm... doesn't she seem a little angry?
Marsha: Well, she has issues.
Ross: Does she?
Marsha: She can try to live with ¡°Mr. hey I'm Evolving¡±.He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet!
Ross: Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like: "Gee, that glacier's getting kind of close. " See?
Marsha: Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife?
Ross: No. No.
Marsha: Yes, it is. Carol! Hi!
Ross: Okay, okay, yes, it is. How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age.
Marsha: Can I stay?
Ross: That would be no.
Ross: Hi.
Carol: is this a bad time?
Ross: oh, no it's¡­¡­the Stone Age.
Ross: You look great. I hate that.
Carol: Sorry. Thanks. You look good too.
Ross: Ah, well, in here, anyone who...stands erect...
Ross: So what's new? Still, uh...
Carol: A lesbian?
Ross: Well...you never know. How's, um. how's the family?
Carol: Marty's still totally paranoid. Oh, and, uh...
Ross: Carol, why why are you here, Carol?
Carol: I'm pregnant.
Ross: Pregnant? !
Woman: Huh, looks like she didn't leave in such a hurry after all.
Chandler: Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Phoebe:...Then I've already seen this one!
Monica: Are you through with that?
Joey: Yeah, sorry, the swallowing slowed me down.
Monica: Whose little ball of paper is this? !
Chandler: Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realized I didn't need the note, so I balled it up and......now I wish I was dead.
Phoebe: She already fluffed that pillow. Monica, you know, you already fluffed. It's fine.
Monica: Look, I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Chandler: Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Joey: Would you relax, you do this every time they come, the place is great.
Joey: You got a beautiful lasagna here that looks good enough...to avoid touching.
Phoebe: Monica.
Monica: Hi!
Phoebe: Um, Monica, umm, you're scaring me.
Phoebe: I mean, you're like, you're all chaotic and twirly. you know? And not not in a good way. .
Joey: Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
Monica: That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. You see, he's the Prince.
Monica: Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Monica: What?
Chandler: Ew, ew, ew, ew, ugly naked guy got a Thigh-master!
Rachel: Has anybody seen my engagement ring?
Phoebe: Yeah, it's beautiful.
Rachel: Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God....
Phoebe: No, don't touch that!
Rachel: Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him.
Rachel: "Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!"
Rachel: Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Monica: Easy Rach, we'll find it. Won't we?
Chandler and Joey: Oh! Yeah!
Monica: Look, it's gonna be okay. You will give it back to him. It will all be over and we will eat a lot of ice cream.
Rachel: Okay, okay, it's a little pearl shaped diamond.
Monica: I tell you what, any diamond ring we find, we'll run it by you.
Joey: Alright, when did you have it on last?
Phoebe: Doy! Probably right before she lost it!
Chandler: You don't get a lot of ¡°doy¡± these days.
Rachel: I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...
Chandler: Dinah?
Rachel: Ohhhhh, don't be mad...
Monica: You didn't. 
Rachel: Oh, I am sorry...
Monica: I gave you one job!
Rachel: Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!
Chandler: Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne.
Monica: I just...can't do it.
Chandler: Boys? We're going in.
Ross: Hi.
Monica: That is not a happy hi.
Ross: Carol's pregnant.
Phoebe: Ooh! I found it!
Monica: Wwwh...wha...www...
Ross: Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now. (He enters. )
Chandler: Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
Rachel: Well now, how, how do you fit into this whole thing?
Ross: Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved...basically it's totally up to me.
Phoebe: She is so great! I miss her.
Monica: What does she mean by ¡°involved¡±?
Chandler: I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done.
Joey: And the most enjoyable, Phoebe, say something.
Ross: Anyway, they want me to go down to this sonogram thing with them tomorrow.
Ross: Yeah, remember back when life was simpler, and she was just a lesbian.
Chandler: uh, those were the days.
Rachel: So what are you gonna do?
Ross: I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm still gonna be a father.
Joey: Well, this is still ruined, right?
Mrs. Geller: Oh, Martha Ludwin's daughter is gonna call you. Mmm! What's that curry taste?
Monica: Curry.
Mrs. Geller: Mmmm!.


             Ross: I, I think they're great! I, I really do. I...
Mr. Geller: Do you remember the Ludwins? The big one had a thing for you, didn't she?
Mrs. Geller: They all had a thing for him.
Ross: Aw, Mom...
Monica: I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me?
Mrs. Geller: Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to be something in cooking, or food, or....I don't know. Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant.
Monica: No, Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant.
Mrs. Geller: Well, they don't have to know that.
Monica: Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please?
Mrs. Geller: Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.
Monica: Actually, we were going to have lasagna.
Mr. Geller: oh, I love lasagna.
Monica: But now we are not having it.
Mrs. Geller: Then why you bring it up. You know how he latches on.
Monica: I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish on my part, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing?
Monica: Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
Mrs. Geller: What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.
Mr. Geller: I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding, but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!
Mrs. Geller: Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar.
Monica: What's that supposed to mean?
Mrs. Geller: Nothing! It's an expression.
Monica: No, it's not.
Mr. Geller: Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been!
Mr. Geller: Even when you were a kid and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine!
Mr. Geller: And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles.
Mr. Geller: Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published.
Mr. Geller: Other people are satisfied with staying where they are.
Mr. Geller: I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
Mr. Geller: They are happy with what they have, they are basically content like cows.
Ross: Cows? Dad?
Mr. Geller: She knows how much I love cows.
Mr. Geller:...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
Mr. Geller: I'm telling you, sweetheart, you're gonna be fine.
Monica: Thank you, Daddy.
Mrs. Geller: Oh, so this does work.
Monica: So, Ross, what's going on with you?
Monica: Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
Ross: Look, I, uh I realize you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian.
Ross: She's living with a woman named Susan.
Ross: She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
Mrs. Geller: And you knew about this? !
Joey: Your folks are really that bad, huh?
Ross: Well, you know, these people are pros.
Ross: They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done.
Monica: Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents...boy, if you could, I'd want yours.
Ross: Must pee.
Phoebe: You know, it's even worse when you're twins.
Rachel: You're twins? 
Phoebe: Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.
Chandler: What does she do? 
Phoebe: She's a waitress.
Joey: Identical? 
Phoebe: Yeah. People say we look alike. But I don't see it.
Rachel: All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now. (They all start to leave. )
Monica: Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this.
Chandler: Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who...my parents actually preferred.
Rachel: Hit the lights, please.
Ross:...How long was I in there?
Rachel: I'm just cleaning up.
Ross: Oh, you err, you need any help?
Rachel: Uh...okay, sure! Thanks! (She hands him the broom and sits down. )
Ross: Anyway.... um...(Starts to sweep. ) So, you uh you nervous about Barry tomorrow?
Rachel: Oh...a little. 
Ross: Mmhmm...
Rachel: A lot. 
Ross: Mm.
Rachel: So, got any advice? You know, as someone who's recently been dumped?
Ross: Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word ¡°dumped¡±.
Ross: Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, you know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard.
Ross: Or, you know, I can uh, hey, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...
Rachel: You've got Carol tomorrow. When did it get so complicated?
Ross: Got me.
Rachel: Remember when we were in high school together? 
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet someone, fall in love and that'd be it?
Rachel: Ross? 
Ross: Yes, yes!
Rachel: Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here.
Ross: Hmm...Me neither.
Ross: Hi, sorry I'm late, I got stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur...thing...anyway.
Susan: Hi.
Carol: Ross, you remember Susan.
Ross: How could I forget? 
Susan: Ross. 
Ross: Hello, Susan. Good shake. Good shake.
Ross: So, uh, we're just waiting for...?
Carol: Dr. Oberman. 
Ross: Dr. Oberman. Okay. And is he... 
Susan: She.
Ross: She, of course, she. She uh familiar with our...special situation?
Carol: Yes, and she's very supportive.
Ross: Great. Okay, that's great. No, I'm Oh.
Carol: Thanks.
Carol: Ross? That opens my cervix.
Rachel: Barry?
Barry: Come on in.
Rachel: Are you sure?
Barry: Yeah! It's fine, it's fine. Robbie's gonna be here for hours.
Barry: So, how are you doing? 
Rachel: I'm uh I'm okay... You look great. 


             Barry: Yeah, well.
Bernice: (over intercom) Dr. Farber, Jason Greenstein's gagging.
Barry: (answering the intercom) Be right there. (To Robbie and Rachel) Be back in a second.
Rachel: I dumped him. 
Robbie: Okay.
Ross: So, um so how's this, uh, how's this all gonna work?
Susan: The baby grows in a special place inside the mommy¡¯s.... 
Ross: Thank you.
Ross: I mean, how's this gonna work? You know, with us?
Ross: You know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
Carol: Give me a ¡°for instance¡±.
Ross: Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the baby's name?
Carol: Marlon.  
Ross: Marlon? !
Carol: If it's a boy, Minnie if it's a girl.
Ross: As in Mouse? 
Carol: As in my grandmother.
Ross: Still, you you say Minnie, you hear Mouse.
Ross: Um, how about, um. . how about Julia? 
Carol: Julia.
Susan: We agreed on Minnie.
Ross: We agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table?
Barry: Sorry about that.
Barry: So, what have you been up to? 
Rachel: Oh, not much.
Rachel: I, I got a job. 
Barry: Oh, that's great.
Rachel: Why are why are you so tanned? 
Barry: Oh, I, uh I went to Aruba.
Rachel: Oh no. You went on our honeymoon alone?
Barry: No. I went with, uh. . Now, this may hurt.
Robbie: Me? !
Barry: No!
Barry: I went with Mindy. 
Rachel: Mindy? ! My maid of honour, Mindy? !
Barry: Yeah, well, uh, we're kind of a thing now.
Rachel: Oh! Well, um... You've got plugs! 
Barry: Careful! They haven't quite taken yet.
Rachel: And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!
Barry: Not for her. Listen, I really wanted to thank you. 
Rachel: Okay.
Barry: See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist.
Barry: You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy.
Barry: We weren't happy. But with Mindy...now I'm happy. Spit.
Rachel: What? 
Robbie: Me.
Rachel: Anyway, um, I guess this belongs to you. Or maybe some day Mindy.
Barry: Like she's settle for that.
Rachel: Oh, yeah, that's true, but I think it's a...I think it's a nice ring. And thank you for giving it to me.
Barry: Well, thank you for giving it back.
Robbie: Hello? !
Susan: Oh, please! What's wrong with Helen?
Ross: Helen Geller? I don't think so.
Carol: Hello? It's not gonna be Helen Geller.
Ross: Thank you!
Carol: No, I mean it's not Geller.
Ross: What, it's gonna be Helen Willick?
Carol: No, actually, um, we talked about Helen Willick Bunch.
Ross: Well, wait a minute, why why is she in the title?
Susan: Because It's my baby too.
Ross: Oh, really? Um, I don't remember you making any sperm.
Susan: Yeah, and we all know what a challenge that is!
Carol: All right, you two, stop it!
Ross: No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.
Carol: Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick Bunch Geller? Because I think that borders on child abuse.
Ross: Of course not, I'm...suggesting Geller Willick Bunch.
Susan: Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!
Ross: My way? ! You, you think this is my way?
Ross: Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way.
Ross: You know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do. 
Dr. Oberman: Knock knock! How are we today? Any nausea?
Ross: A little.
Susan: Yeah. Just a little.
Dr. Oberman: Well, I was just wondering about the mother-to-be, but, thanks for sharing. Uh, lie back...
Ross: You uh you know what, I'm gonna go. I don't, I don't think I can be involved in this particular family thing.
Ross: Oh my God.
Susan: Look at that.
Carol: I know.
Ross: Well? Isn't that amazing?
Joey: What are we supposed to be seeing here?
Chandler: I don't know, but...I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
Phoebe: If you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
Ross: Then don't do that, alright?
Ross: Monica. What do you think?
Monica: Mmhmm.
Ross: Are you welling up?
Monica: No.
Ross: You are, you're welling up.
Monica: I'm not!
Ross: You're gonna be an aunt. 
Monica: Oh, shut up!
Rachel: Hi, Mindy. Hi, it's, it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I, I saw Barry today.
Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah he, he told me. No, it's okay. Really, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do.
Rachel: Oh, oh, and Mindy, you know, if, if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids and everything.
Rachel: I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose.
Rachel: Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.
